A few missing traits for Deleted Dieudonné plank (#1377)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000087/properties/P000062.md

---
space: S000087
property: P000062
value: true
---

Observe that a (countable) subcollection $\mathscr A$ of an open cover $\mathscr U$
covering the subset $\{\omega_1\}\times[0,\omega)$ contains all but countably many columns of $[0,\omega_1]\times[0,\omega)$.

> Therefore its closure has at most countable complement $B$ in $X$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore its closure has countable complement $B$ in $X$.
```
We always use "countable" to mean countably infinite or finite.

> Observe that a (countable) subcollection $\mathscr A$ of an open cover $\mathscr U$
> covering the subset $\{\omega_1\}\times[0,\omega)$ contains all but countably many columns of $[0,\omega_1]\times[0,\omega)$.
> Therefore its closure has countable complement $B$ in $X$.
> $\mathscr A$ can be then extended so that it is still countable and covers $B$.
> The union of the extended subcollection is dense.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given an open cover $\mathscr U$ of $X$, choose a countable subcollection $\mathscr A$ covering the countable set $\{\omega_1\}\times[0,\omega)$.
The union $\bigcup\mathscr A$ contains all but countably many columns of $[0,\omega_1]\times[0,\omega)$.
Therefore the closure of $\bigcup\mathscr A$ has countable complement $B$ in $X$.
One can then extend $\mathscr A$ to a countable subcollection of $\mathscr U$ that covers $B$.
The union of the extended subcollection is dense in $X$.
```
No problem with your idea, but this tweak seems a little easier to follow for me.
(cut and paste in the pi-base preview window to compare and see what you think)
